BUG: xarray coords (#1071)
pysat/pysat: docs/tutorial/tutorial_basics.rst

    # Convenient data assignment
    dmsp['ti'] = new_array

    # Convenient data broadcasting assignment, sets a single value to all times
    dmsp['ti'] = single_value

> 

Author: need to restore

    # Assignment through datetime slicing
    dmsp[start:stop, 'ti'] = sub_array

> Note that a pandas data objects will hold to a strict time index, meaning that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a :py:class:`pandas.DataFrame` will hold to a strict time index, meaning that
```

all variables must be the same length.  Assigning a single value to an array
will broadcast that value over all coordinates, resulting in a constant value

> as a function of time. To allow for multiple dimensions, the xarray data object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a function of time. To allow for multiple dimensions, the :py:class:`xarray.Dataset`
```

> Note that a :py:class:`pandas.DataFrame` will hold to a strict time index, meaning that
> all variables must be the same length.  Assigning a single value to an array
> will broadcast that value over all coordinates, resulting in a constant value
> as a function of time. To allow for multiple dimensions, the :py:class:`xarray.Dataset`
> allows more flexibility.  If a single value is assigned to a new variable, it
> will be sent to the coords.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that a :py:class:`pandas.DataFrame` will hold to a strict time index, 
meaning that all variables must be the same length.  Assigning a single 
value to an array will broadcast that value over all coordinates, resulting 
in a constant value as a function of time. To allow for multiple dimensions, 
the :py:class:`xarray.Dataset` allows more flexibility.  If a single value is 
assigned to a new variable, it will be sent to the coords.
```
